ready but you should I want to make the
hammerheads right they're all you're
gonna need is to see to think then hold
one down then hold one in the half again
but long ways so they both look like
this
then we fold this one cuz they're like
this hey we're all that do it backwards
so you can see it see we unfold this one
won't get bored here then after we did
both of them we have to do both alone
and after we do both the one we fold
this one down and this one again then
the other side again and and now we're
gonna fold it again
shoot okay
so just pick one
let's do it
there I've got that book and now what
we're gonna do is put this and then
we're almost finished with it might at
these tables
now we just might have to take
one dares over there
and now we're just gonna I'm gonna take
it it's always fall for me oh there
there now I got this part for shoot
there now we're gonna do it in half make
sure the wings are straight down both
rings straight down like bowling see all
the sickness same with the other there
no open the wings up and finish
well there looks like too bad what over
there